Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Well then, let's get going.
Temperatures are unusually high, huh?
But…
it seems our funds are getting low.
We will have to find work
when we get to the next town.
You're already thinking that far, Fern?
It's important. Master Stark,
you have to think
a few steps ahead at all times,
or you can't travel very long.
I guess you're right.
Work, huh?
Hopefully they have
some nice job requests.
Oh?
It's kind of…
Thank you very much for giving us a ride.
Don't worry about it. It was
very reassuring to have a first-class mage
traveling with me.
But to think you're going to Ende…
For people like me,
who stay in the town they're born in,
it's hard to even imagine
how long the journey must be.
I guess so.
ORIGINAL STORY BY
KANEHITO YAMADA / TSUKASA ABE
29 YEARS FROM THE DEATH OF HIMMEL THE HERO
SAUM MARSHES IN THE NORTHERN LANDS
I caught a fish.
I'll add it to our breakfast then.
I'll catch something bigger next time,
I swear.
That's strange…
I thought it would be around here.
It's rare to see Frieren up so early.
She said something caught her attention
and woke her up.
- Did you make sure to praise her?
- Of course.
Found it.
This is a big one.
What's that?
- What a pretty stone.
- Here.
What?
My fire magic isn't working.
This is a magic-nullifying crystal.
It's a crystal that has
the power to nullify magic.
With this level of purity, it can probably
nullify magic within a 3-meter radius.
Stark, try walking away.
It worked.
It's very rare.
Even ones that are pebble-sized
are easily worth a few gold coins.
If you sell something this large,
you can buy a mansion.
Wow.
But if just having that near us
prevents us from using magic,
we can't take it with us.
It's dangerous to take on the road.
That's the thing…
Hurry up and throw that stone away.
If a monster attacks us now,
we'll be done for.
Before that, take a look at
this stone's interesting properties.
It's really cool.
When you fill it with a bunch of mana…
it shines like crazy.
It's blinding.
Hurry up and toss that thing.
It's still shining.
We might be able to reach
the next town today.
By the way,
are we near the Northern Plateau now?
It's still a ways out.
You have to pass a big forest
and a volcanic belt.
A volcanic belt, huh?
That sounds kind of dangerous.
It's not really.
There haven't been any eruptions
for centuries.
Right now, it's a relatively safe
hot spring location.
Hot spring?
A warm bath sounds kind of nice right now.
We haven't enjoyed
something like that in a while.
Hey, wait a second.
The ground might be…
Just as I thought…
There was a hole underground.
I hate how unstable the ground is
in wetlands.
Wait… Mistress Frieren…
Oops…
No wonder we found
a magic-nullifying crystal on the surface.
I've never seen an ore deposit
this massive before.
Can you get off of me?
This cave is practically
made of magic-nullifying crystals.
If we take these with us,
we'll be billionaires.
I don't think that's possible though.
The magic-nullifying crystal
is some of the hardest existing matter.
And unlike other matter,
you cannot cut or process it
using magic either.
It's not something mankind
can do anything about.
Anyway, it'll be impossible to climb
out of here, so let's find another exit.
What is it?
I'm counting on you, Stark.
Since we can't use magic here,
we're just regular girls right now.
"Girls"?
Stark, I haven't forgotten about
the time you called me, "old hag."
I'm sorry…
She's still holding a grudge.
Who knew we would end up
camping out at a place like this?
What an incredibly large place…
There were massive amounts
of animal bones too.
Mistress Frieren
said that a large monster
may be using this as a den.
How can she sleep so soundly?
She's so care-free.
Mistress Frieren was having fun
even in a place like this.
I am scared to death.
I can't even do mana detection.
I've never experienced
anything like this before.
I feel as though I was
thrown into darkness.
Fern…
A monster?
Frieren, wake up! Run--
It's a venomous apex dragon.
Venomous…?
It's not very compatible with you.
You'll die from poisoning again.
I never died!
But… what am I supposed to do then?
First of all,
I can't believe you were snoozing away.
- How can you be so--
- Because I've entrusted you with my life.
I have done, ever since I recruited you
as our vanguard.
That's how it should be,
or a party can't function.
I'm the kind of man who runs away
in times of need.
Even now… I want to run away so badly.
Yeah?
Then let's run away together.
Stark, Fern, close your eyes.
Himmel,
how could you say that
you've entrusted your life to me?
That's not something
you should say so carelessly.
I'm a man who abandoned his village
and ran away.
Is that right?
Well then, if you want to run away,
let's all run away together.
We're a party, after all.
Well then, shall we run?
Why am I carrying the heavier one,
when I'm a priest?
She says you stink of alcohol, Heiter.
That was scary, huh?
Running away together isn't so bad, right?
Well then, let's get going.
- Frieren.
- What?
My legs gave out. I can't walk.
29 YEARS FROM THE DEATH OF HIMMEL THE HERO
THE GREAT SANFT FOREST
IN THE NORTHERN LANDS
I wonder if this is
enough ingredients for lunch?
What? They're not here?
Maybe I came back too early.
All right,
maybe I'll go fish or something.
I'll catch a big one today, for sure.
It's cold.
I can't wait until we find a hot spring.
Nice and clean.
The mirrored lotus bracelet.
That's the one you got from Stark, right?
The hair accessory that I got from you
is nice and clean too.
I noticed it with your staff too,
but you look so happy
when you're cleaning your belongings.
Is that right?
See, you're smiling.
Maybe it's because they are
gifts from people.
I've lost everything,
including my hometown,
to the war, after all.
So perhaps I'm happy to see my collection
of precious things grow.
I'm glad I put a lot of thought into it.
You were debating for a long time, huh?
How do you know that?
Pervert.
I'm so sorry!
I didn't know that you were bathing!
It's not like I'm mad.
There, all done.
Hey Stark, I was thinking…
What?
Are things a little tense right now?
Maybe.
Frieren, you're able to pick up
on things like that now?
I'm a little impressed.
This happens every once in a while, huh?
Are you two not compatible?
I don't think that's the case.
Stark.
If you don't feel comfortable,
make sure you tell me.
After all, I'm the one who
dragged you into our party.
Hey, Frieren, I--
It's a fork.
This way leads to the Northern Plateau
and that way leads to Neutral Harbor.
Frieren.
Is that perhaps an inn?
I wouldn't be surprised,
since this is a main road.
We might not have to camp outside tonight.
Hey, if it isn't Frieren.
I didn't expect to have a reunion so soon.
Stark, thanks again for helping us
with the Fresser quest.
Wirbel, you look well.
In the end,
I have to take the sea route back.
Apparently, demons are wreaking havoc
in the far north again.
So I decided to rush back.
We're traveling to the Imperial Capital's
port town together.
He keeps complaining
about getting seasick.
You're an old man already, aren't you?
Come on.
Listen.
I'll have you know that
I'm not an old man yet.
I was in my twenties until just recently.
I know another old man
who used to say that.
Say, Stark.
Did you give my offer any thought?
Offer?
The war on the northern front
is not looking good.
We have an overwhelming shortage
of vanguards.
I don't want to force you.
But it'd be great if you can support us
for two to three years,
until the battlefront is stabilized.
I already told you, remember?
I'm the vanguard for this party.
Okay, but I'm the type
who doesn't know when to give up.
I will do anything
for the sake of protecting the far north.
Frieren, will you allow me to woo him?
- Um--
- Do whatever you like.
Mistress Frieren…
- Cheers!
Stark, you seriously need to…
He looks like he's having fun.
Maybe our party
was a little suffocating for Stark.
- I hear Wirbel is treating us today?
- What?
Um… Master Stark…
If you're wondering about Wirbel,
I turned him down.
Are you sure you're okay with that?
Fern, why do you think I'm in this party?
When I first met you guys,
I was at my limit, to be honest.
I was on the verge of leaving
everything behind
and abandoning the village.
I'm the worst, right?
Frieren said that
she "dragged me into the party."
But that's not true.
I don't think
you will run away.
It's because you encouraged me that night,
that I felt like traveling with you guys
and joined the party.
You probably have no clue, Fern,
but Frieren isn't the only one
who has brought
a coward like me this far.
I won't be going anywhere.
So be more kind to me.
Understood.
Come here, then.
I will give you lots of pets.
What are you scheming? I'm scared!
What a pain…
I guess I couldn't persuade you
in the end.
By the way,
you three don't plan on traveling by boat?
Traveling by sea will cost
an absurd amount of money.
Plus…
After all,
our masters took
the Northern Plateau route as well.
We'll end up accepting strange requests
and get caught up in trouble
and keep making detours, though.
I guess you guys have
your own adventures to enjoy.
Well, whatever. You're coming
to the far north eventually, anyway.
When you do, we'll meet again.
Well then, let's get going.
- That sounds like an exaggeration.
- What a tyrant.
- He likes accepting troublesome requests.
- You don't waste time. I like that.
- She looks very unhappy.
- I will die before I can
- fulfill my goal.
- But we were able to kill a demon.
He's the Hero of the South.
Subtitle translation by: Kiko Morita
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm